Splitting up the "Set configuration parameters" page (#1170)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform/v1.12.x/docs/language/values/variables.mdx

---

> page_title: Use variables to input module arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Define input variables 
```
Not that we want to write exclusively for SEO, but this is a high frequency search phrase. I also think that the simpler title is better.

> description: Learn how to variables define the interface of your module, and how to assign values to variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to define input variables so that you can reuse configurations by passing new values at runtime.
```

Author: (Added to PR)

---

# Use variables to input module arguments

> **Hands-on:** Try the [Customize Terraform Configuration with Variables](/terraform/tutorials/configuration-language/variables?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) tutorial.

> Variables define the interface of your module by specifying what values your module accepts as arguments. The `variable` block lets your module consumers customize module behavior without altering the module's source code.

Reviewer: I would consider removing lines 10-12 and starting with the paragraph at line 35 following by the paragraph at line 14.

Author: I'd prefer the intro was broad, so folks understand what this page is about, before it gets _super_ specific in the following sections. 

I'll split the difference with:

"
Variables define the input interface of your module by specifying what values your module accepts as arguments.

Terraform sets up resources with hardcoded values the same way every time, making your module inflexible and potentially hard to reuse. If you know a value in your configuration changes between Terraform operations, you can replace that value with a `variable` block. A `variable` block lets module consumers customize module behavior without altering the module's source code.
"

then leaving the following section so they can learn how to define a `variable` block.

---
page_title: Use input variables to add module arguments
description: Learn how to define input variables so that you can input new values at runtime.
---

# Use input variables to add module arguments

> **Hands-on:** Try the [Customize Terraform Configuration with Variables](/terraform/tutorials/configuration-language/variables?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) tutorial.

> Variables define the input interface of your module by specifying what values your module accepts as arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add `variable` blocks to your configuration to define input interface for your module. This lets users pass custom values to your module at runtime.
```
Right? Ignore me if I'm wrong, but the original reads to me as though variables are provider developer-side construct. Well, they are in that the dev can program what variables the resources take, but I don't think that's what we intend to mean in this topic.

</CodeBlockConfig>

> The `environment` variable also contains an optional `validation` block to ensure the value a consumer inputs meets module requirements. Learn more about [validating variable values in your configuration](/terraform/language/validate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `environment` variable also contains an optional `validation` block to ensure the value a consumer specifies as the input value meets module requirements. Learn more about [validating variable values in your configuration](/terraform/language/validate).
```
I made this comment earlier, but "input" as a noun and verb is easy to muddle. To me, the "input" as an adjective is less confusing.
